Add forward, backward and background color to badge designer (#5139)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

  settings (:issue:`4837`, :issue:`2224`, :issue:`1877`, :pr:`5179`)
- Allow filtering the contribution list based on whether any person (speaker or author)
  has registered for the event or not (:issue:`5192`, :pr:`5193`)

> - Add forward, backward and background color option to badge designer(:pr:`5139`, thanks :user:`seginyn`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add background color option and layer order to badge/poster designer items (:pr:`5139`,
  thanks :user:`SegiNyn`)
```

- Add an API for bulk-assigning contribution program codes programmatically (:issue:`5115`,
  :pr:`5120`)
- Add layout setting to show videoconferences on the main conference page (:pr:`5124`)

> - Add forward, backward and background color option to badge designer(:pr:`5139`, thanks :user:`seginyn`)

Reviewer: should be in the 3.1 changelog
